This communication is issued by UBS Europe SE and/or affiliates to professional 
investors only. It is the product of a sales/trading desk and not the Research 
Department.  This is not a personal recommendation, an offer to buy or sell or a 
solicitation to buy or sell any securities, investment products or other financial 
instrument or service. This communication is subject to terms available at the 
following link: www.ubs.com/salesandtradingdisclaimers.

Intended for recipient only and not for further distribution without the consent 
of UBS. 

UBS Europe SE is a subsidiary of UBS AG. UBS Europe SE is a Societas Europaea 
registered with the commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Frankfurt am Main under HRB 107046. Registered business address: 
OpernTurm, Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 60306 Frankfurt am Main. UBS Europe SE 
is authorized and regulated by the German federal financial supervisory authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungaufsicht) and the European Central Bank.
The Chairman of Supervisory Board is Prof. Dr. h.c. mult. Roland Koch. The 
Management Board is composed of Christine Novakovic (Chair), Heinrich Baer, 
Pierre Chavenon, Georgia Paphiti, Dr. Andreas Przewloka and Tobias Vogel.

UBS AG is a public company incorporated with limited liability in Switzerland 
domiciled in the Canton of Basel-City and the Canton of Zurich respectively 
registered at the Commercial Registry offices in those Cantons with Identification 
No: CHE-101.329.561 and having respective head offices at Aeschenvorstadt 1, 4051 
Basel and Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland and is authorised and 
regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. Details 
regarding the extent of our regulation are available from us on request.  

UBS reserves the right to retain all messages. Messages are protected and accessed 
only in legally justified cases. 

© UBS 2021. All rights reserved
